readme.md, before:

# Client Project - AGA

As you start looking for jobs, you will find employers like to test what you know. They can do this in a variety of ways like interviews, quizzes, whiteboard activities, etc but more than anything, they'll often ask you to produce a small piece of work to see how you actually code. This may be done in person or they more typically, will send you an assignment to complete over a week or weekend. This project aims to emulate a scenario like that. 

## Styleguide

You'll notice we have included a styleguide - [`site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg`](site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg) - for you to reference. This lays out how all the fonts, colors, spacing and style should come together. You can use this as a way to get your head around how the comp should look but **it's not intended to tell you everything**. 

As a front-end dev, part of what you've got to do is take the initial vision for a project and adapt it to the web. You'll get guidance like this but it's ultimately up to you to make those tweaks that help it shine.

## Imagery

You will find a comp of the homepage [`site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg`](site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg) and the hero image - [`site-assets/hero-bg.jpg`](site-assets/hero-bg.jpg) - included in this project. The homepage mock is what you are trying to create, and it will require the use of the hero image. 

You might notice the hero image isn't colored the way it is in the homepage mock. Think about how you could fix that. Hint: explore CSS filters a bit: [https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/f/filter/](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/f/filter/)

## Fonts

Fonts are included using a tool called [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/), formerly Typekit. This is usually a paid service and you would have to negotiate use of this with your client or eat the cost yourself. We have set up the font kit for you with the following link you can include in the head of your comp:

```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.typekit.net/xwq7jno.css">
```

You will have to use some type of local-based server to get Adobe Fonts to work correctly.

## Local development

This site was ultimately built using a static site generator called [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/), which is heavily based on React. You can read about this tool and explore it. But you could also use something more simple, like a [Yeoman webapp generator](https://github.com/yeoman/generator-webapp) to create the site. 

## Instructions

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
2.  Change into the new directory.
3.  Build this out!
4.  Send us a PR on this repo.

There is no starter code for this assignment, that part is up to you, but there are a bunch of assets we're giving you to simulate what happens in a real world environment. 

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
2.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

added in some more info

readme.md, after:

# Client Project - AGA

As you start looking for jobs, you will find employers like to test what you know. They can do this in a variety of ways like interviews, quizzes, whiteboard activities, etc but more than anything, they'll often ask you to produce a small piece of work to see how you actually code. This may be done in person or they more typically, will send you an assignment to complete over a week or weekend. This project aims to emulate a scenario like that. 

## Styleguide

You'll notice we have included a styleguide - [`site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg`](site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg) - for you to reference. This lays out how all the fonts, colors, spacing and style should come together. You can use this as a way to get your head around how the comp should look but **it's not intended to tell you everything**. 

As a front-end dev, part of what you've got to do is take the initial vision for a project and adapt it to the web. You'll get guidance like this but it's ultimately up to you to make those tweaks that help it shine.

## Imagery

You will find a comp of the homepage [`site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg`](site-assets/homepage_mock.jpg) and the hero image - [`site-assets/hero-bg.jpg`](site-assets/hero-bg.jpg) - included in this project. The homepage mock is what you are trying to create, and it will require the use of the hero image. 

You might notice the hero image isn't colored the way it is in the homepage mock. Think about how you could fix that. Hint: explore CSS filters a bit: [https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/f/filter/](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/f/filter/).


## Mobile

There isn't a mobile version of this produced by the designer! This is an unfortunate consequence you'll often encounter in the real world. Do the best you can making this work on tablets and phones.

## Fonts

Fonts are included using a tool called [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/), formerly Typekit. This is usually a paid service and you would have to negotiate use of this with your client or eat the cost yourself. We have set up the font kit for you with the following link you can include in the head of your comp:

```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.typekit.net/xwq7jno.css">
```

You will have to use some type of local-based server to get Adobe Fonts to work correctly.

## Local development

This site was ultimately built using a static site generator called [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/), which is heavily based on React. You can read about this tool and explore it. But you could also use something more simple, like a [Yeoman webapp generator](https://github.com/yeoman/generator-webapp) to create the site. 

## Bonus - Keep Building

This was an actual project that got built out in the real world. Feel free to look at how it ended up: [https://betteribdcare.gastro.org/](https://betteribdcare.gastro.org/). Notice how the eventual site started to deviate from this comp you are receiving - this happens all the time in the real world! If you have more time, to try to build more of this out.

## Instructions

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
2.  Change into the new directory.
3.  Build this out!
4.  Send us a PR on this repo.

There is no starter code for this assignment, that part is up to you, but there are a bunch of assets we're giving you to simulate what happens in a real world environment. 

This project should take you a solid morning or afternoon to complete (probably 2-3 hours if you are comfortable with making a comp). 

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
2.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
